feat(content): update administration>entity (#152)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/administration/entity/entities.rst

Entities
========

.. image:: images/entity_view.png
   :alt: Global view GLPI Entities
   :scale: 50%

Entity concept is a **key concept in GLPI**. Having many similarities with a hierarchy or a division inside a company, it allows on a single instance of GLPI to isolate sets organized in a hierarchical manner. The chosen term is voluntarily neutral in order to adapt to many information systems.

A single instance (or installation) of GLPI, when composed of several entities, allows to consolidate common data and rules. Using entities allows to create a rather tight isolation between organizational units. 

.. hint:: When this isolation is not desired, it is better to use the functionalities offered by GLPI *Groups*.

Segmenting in entities can have several targets:

* isolate assets of each division in order to limit assets visibility for groups or users
* isolate assets of clients
* reproduce the existing hierarchy of the directory (LDAP, Active Directory...).

Using entities is very useful for a company where management is hierarchical and where employees must have access to the assets depending on the division they belong to.

> One entities creating in GLPI, assets inventory, users, profiles and assistance service become dependent upon entities: a computer can be assigned to an entity,

Reviewer: Yes, much clearer :)

a ticket can be declared on an entity, profiles and authorizations can be specific to entities...
Automatic entity assignment for users and assets are possible thanks to :doc:`rules management </modules/administration/rules/userauthorizations>`.

.. topic:: Example: entities inside a company

.. image:: images/glpi_entity.png
   :alt: view GLPI Entities
   :scale: 100%
   :align: center

Root entity has two subsidiaries (Entity 1 and Entity 2) which in turn have two divisions each (Child-entity 1 et 2).
Each entity has access to its assets and subsidiary entities:

   * **Root entity** has access to its assets as well as to all assets of all entities
   * **Entity 1** has access to its assets as well as to child-entity 1 and 2 assets
   * **Child-entity 1** has only access to its own assets

A user can be attached to several entities with different authorizations in each entity, these authorizations being kept in daughter entities or not. For example a user will be able to open a ticket only inside user's division, the ticket applying only to the items of the same division.

> On the contrary, a user being granted larger authorizations will be able to view all items, tickets and other objects, and this on all entities in which user's authorizations apply.

Author: Same here, can you explain to me what is not clear?

Entities
========

.. image:: images/entity_view.png
   :alt: Global view GLPI Entities
   :scale: 50%

Entities are a **key concept in GLPI**. Having many similarities with a hierarchy or a division inside a company, it allows on a single instance of GLPI to isolate sets organized in a hierarchical manner. The chosen term is voluntarily neutral in order to adapt to many information systems.

A single instance (or installation) of GLPI, when composed of several entities, allows to consolidate common data and rules. Using entities allows to create a tight isolation between organizational units. 

.. hint:: When this isolation is not desired, it is better to use the functionalities offered by GLPI *Groups*.

Segmenting in entities can have several targets:

* isolate assets of each division in order to limit assets visibility for groups or users
* isolate assets of clients
* reproduce the existing hierarchy of the directory (LDAP, Active Directory...).

Using entities is very useful for a company where management is hierarchical and where employees must have access to the assets depending on the division they belong to.

> One entities creating in GLPI, assets inventory, users, profiles and assistance service become dependent upon entities: a computer can be assigned to an entity,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an entity is created in GLPI, assets inventory, users, profiles and assistance service become dependent upon entities: a computer can be assigned to an entity,
```
